the three fundamental steps and so that
we look for something good are the texture
the cove and the conformation of products
the texture is that by means of the
touch of the fingers look for the degree of
Ham maturity of three key points
that would be just inside the
ham training and looking for that lean
the mass
and had
we have three critical points that would be
the roller
the oatmeal and then the chain by means of the
local football that is made of a bone
of the cane of the cow and that for about
seconds stays in the smell
when entering the cove huesca or we read
we see this has smell of soap suitable for
the consumption
what we are looking for is a stylized ham
we look for although it has a wide mass and
well covered with grease a shore
covered in fat and that does not have
hotheads because we do not find
bruises and bumps produced by
racks and left to the consumer
a good present a good view